docs: update roadmap introduction (#711)
web-infra-dev/rstest: README.md

## 🔥 Roadmap

> Rstest now supports core testing scenarios including Node / DOM testing, mocking, multi-project testing, and coverage collection, and has been successfully implemented in Rstack projects (including Rsbuild, Rslib, Rspack, and others).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rstest now supports core testing scenarios including Node.js testing, DOM testing, mocking, multi-project testing, and coverage collection. It is already in active use across the Rstack ecosystem, including projects like Rspack, Rsbuild and Rslib.
```
